# NeuProScan

NeuProScan is an AI platform that utilizes artificial intelligence to analyze
MRI scans and predict the likelihood of a person developing Alzheimer's
disease, before the onset of any noticeable symptoms.Early detection enables
earlier intervention and better patient outcomes.

## Why?

Alzheimer starts affecting the brain years before any noticeable symptoms, thus
not allowing patients the opportunty to fight it until its progression has been
made irreversible. Currently there is no consistent, robust and non-intrusive
method of diagnosing it in its early, preclinical, stages. Or is there?

## What.


The harm that preclinical Alzheimer's induces in the brain is often faintly
shown on MRI scans, and they vary greatly from person to person, making it
challenging for a doctor to detect them. In contrast, an artificial
intelligence model that has been trained on thousands of scans can identify
these subtle patterns, uncover hidden indicators, and aggregate information
from every pixel.  This would assist doctors in correctly detecting the
disease, providing better patient outcomes.


## How

With NeuProScan! An innovative Artificial Intelligence platform that equips
doctors with the means to forecast their patients' future health by generating
precise predictions regarding the likelihood of them developing Alzheimers.
NeuProScan is an intuitive platform that can be used by
anyone, its a helpful assistant that can provide a doctor with
a second opinion, and most importantly it is accurate

## Results.

The platform comes with AI models achieve consistently over 0.8 f1 score, even
in extremely unbalanced datasets, in predicting patients before the development
of symptoms. Meaning equally high specificity as well as sensitivity. But don't
take our word for it, with the click of a button you can test your patient's
scans and see for yourself if you agree with our predictions.


